[Music]
ten superpowers only babies have
if you or your close friends or family
have babies you already know how amazing
they are everything they do especially
when it's for the first time is a reason
for admiration and celebration first
word let's get the camera so we can
record it first tooth it has to be
photographed and go on Facebook it gets
even better when they learn to crawl sit
and stand and walk fantastic we know
some people however are a bit skeptical
about babies talents and abilities how
dare they it doesn't matter if your team
go babies 14 he can fit so what we have
proof that babies have unique and
surprising superpowers more than that we
are sure you won't want to have some of
them yourself sadly you can't Brightside
is happy to present the list of 10
superpowers only babies have
number 10 babies don't cry we told you
you would be surprised and there you go
you must be thinking what do you mean
that's literally the only thing they do
but that isn't so now if you are a
parent you know you'd much rather cry
yourself than cure our baby do so click
thumbs up if you know the feeling
you try to find the reason for tears wet
diapers uncomfortable bed tummy aches in
this why do you cry Billy quest you
might not see that the baby is crying
without tears
in fact baby scream and moan but just
don't cry there tear ducts are closed so
they are unable to produce tears so it
is common that babies cry without tears
for the first weeks or even months of
their life some babies start crying
properly when they are two weeks old for
others it can take up to seven or eight
months to be able to shed a tear isn't
that amazing
we believe it is nine they feel great
underwater
[Music]
how old were you when you learn to swim
five seven oh you are still afraid of
being in the middle of a large body of
water well in that case it's too bad you
can't get your diving reflex back kids
love it as they get six months old what
a child younger than that is immersed in
water tummy down he naturally holds his
breath
and his arms and legs begin to make
swimming movements his heart rate slows
so that he can conserve oxygen and blood
circulates between the heart and the
brain a study of 33 healthy infants aged
two to six months has shown that
ninety-five point three percent of them
had that diving reflex
why can't adults are even slightly older
babies do that because as we grow up our
brain becomes responsible for a survival
and our automatic reflexes no matter how
great they are don't control us anymore
eight they swallow and breathe at the
same time there is a common sense rule
we all know don't eat and talk at the
same time because you will choke and
that is no fun however there is a
privileged group of people not affected
by this rule they don't talk much okay
they don't talk at all but they have a
superpower you can swallow and breathe
at the same time in infants the fair
necks lies higher than in adults when
they swallow the entrance to their
respiratory tract is not blocked by the
epiglottis therefore when swallowing
newborns can also breathe easily
seven if necessary bee bees can sneeze
continuously sneezing just like crying
is a matter of concern for parents is my
baby okay
did he catch a cold what happens if he
sees us too much these questions rush
through all parents minds we have news
for you sneezing is not a disaster it is
a natural reflex controlled by the
nervous system babies use it as the
defense against the armies of germs they
meet when taken out for a walk or even
at home and Susie and her gifts are a
source of joy for you and a chance for
the little one to meet new types and
kinds of germs what happens then baby
sneezes the nasal passages and newborns
are much narrower than in adults
therefore they need to be cleaned more
often since a baby cannot blow his nose
he must use unconditioned reflexes so no
fart conceives without stopping until
his nose gets rid of irritants like
breast milk mucus or dust bunnies
[Music]
six they fall asleep easily the baby is
sleeping have you ever been greeted with
this line when visiting a house with the
tiny human in it or maybe you are the
happy parent who just saw the baby fall
asleep and don't want him or her to wake
up or at least a couple hours many
people think that when a newborn is
asleep they should tiptoe and talk in
the quietest whisper young parents are
usually perfect and seeing how their
child is not asleep ignorant to the
sounds of renovation or loud music too
bad adults don't have this superpower it
would have helped to avoid so many
fights with neighbors I would have made
sleeping much more sound click thumbs up
if you wish you had this superpower we
are half way through the list keep
watching to find out what makes babies
hair color change and why they can
triple on weight and not get any fatter
[Music]
5 they have a natural accent you
probably think babies have their own
language we'll never be able to
understand a universal one you can use
to communicate with each other secretly
even if it exists there is a good chance
infants from different countries won't
be able to understand each other because
of a natural accent they have scientists
have found out that babies cry with the
national accent researchers have
reported cries of sixty babies born in
German or French families and found they
have the same melody as in their native
language by the second day of life they
get it in the womb when hearing their
mother's voice there they learn to
recognize sound and they cannot only
tell their mother's voice from others
but also hear enough details of their
parents language to be able to mimic
them
now that's a linguistic superpower some
people find it difficult to study a
language or get the right melody of it
when they are much older and smarter
after all for newborns know how to fall
Phoebe's give us enough reason for
extensive aah in one of the cutest
things in the world is probably the
breast crawl it looks better than it
sounds surprisingly a newborn baby is
fully capable of crawling to his
mother's breast for this you must put
him on his mother's stomach first
according to scientists infants are
attracted by the smell of milk which
lures them some experts believe birth
attendants should give mom and baby at
least an hour to bond and feed before
they take care of the baby this will
give him a chance to follow the natural
instinct and crawl to his mother's
breast and Peeta's Nature has planned it
free babies are very flexible this is
one superpower many of us will envy the
skeleton of a baby has about 300 bones
with age many of them grow and colons
into a single hole so a grown adult has
206 bones but before the bones are
connected the body of a newborn is
extremely flexible this natural feature
is needed for the baby to pass through
the birth canal
[Music]
- their hairstyle may change drastically
over time children's hair can completely
change the fluff of which the baby is
born is shed leaving room for new hair
because of this ponds be turned into pro
nets and curls may be replaced by
straight strands what makes hair color
change from platinum blonde to hazelnut
it's all because of natural pigment
melanin we have in our hair there are
two types of it eumelanin and
pheomelanin the more you melanin your
hair has the darker it is babies are
very unlikely to go from brown to blond
hair but as the amount of you melanin
increases the opposite happens quite a
lot and sometimes you feel sad about it
don't we the same can happen with their
eye color iris which is the colored part
of the eye has pigmentation that
determines the eye color we have most
babies are born with blue eyes but
rather often they get darker in the
first three years when brown pigment
melanin develops in them by the way
children don't always have the same eye
color as their parents but if both
parents have brown eyes they are likely
to inherit that color
one a baby can triple its weight and not
get fat this superpower is number one on
our list for a reason don't we all wish
we had it eating and eating and eating
and not getting any fatter sounds too
dreamy right in the first year of their
life
babies are developing rapidly during
this period the weight of a baby may
trickle however the child's Constitution
is not affected in any way because it
grows very quickly from birth to six
months age babies normally grow one half
to one inch and gain five to seven
ounces a week so they often double their
weight by the time they are five months
old in between six and twelve months of
age babies might growth 3/8 of an inch
of fun and Game three to five ounces a
week so they normally triple their
weight by their first anniversary
feel free to share in the comments which
of the superpowers you find the most
amazing and let us know if you like this
video the like button will help you join
us on the bright side
[Music]
you